небольшая справка для любимого меня

ИСПОЛЬЗОВАТЬ !!! - render.setRGBA


https://itwiki.dev/ru/front-end/css-reference/properties/overflow

https://andersenlab.gitbook.io/javascript/js-in-browser/events
https://www.tutorialstonight.com/js/events-in-javascript


Window events in javascript

onload	webpage loaded	The onload event is triggered when the page is loaded.
onresize	resizing browser tab	event is triggered when the browser window is resized.
onresize	scrolling browser tab	event is triggered when the browser window is scrolled.
onbeforeunload	before closing browser tab	event is triggered when the browser window is about to be closed.
onoffline	when the browser is offline	event is triggered when the browser is offline.
ononline	when the browser is online	event is triggered when the browser is online.


Mouse events in javascript

click	Mouse click	when the mouse is clicked over an element
dblclick	Mouse double click	Mouse double clickwhen the mouse is double-clicked over an element
mouseover	Mouse over	Triggered when the user moves the mouse over an element
mouseout	Mouse out	Triggered when the user moves the mouse out of an element
mousedown	Mouse button down	Triggered when the user presses the mouse button.
mouseup	Mouse button up	Triggered when the user releases the mouse button.
mousemove	Mouse move	Triggered when the user moves the mouse over an element
mouseenter	Mouse enter	Triggered when the user moves the mouse over an element
mouseleave	Mouse leave	Triggered when the user moves the mouse out of an element


Keyboard events in javascript

onkeydown	Button Down	event is fired when any keyboard button is down
onkeyup	Button released	event is fired when any keyboard button is released
onkeypress	Button pressed	event is fired when any keyboard button is pressed


Form events in javascript

submit	onsubmit	event is fired when the form is submitted
focus	onfocus	event is fired when the cursor is focused on form
blur	Focus Removed	event is fired when the focus is removed from input section
change	onchange	event is fired when the value of the input is changed
reset	onreset	event is fired when the form is reset
select	onselect	event is fired when a selection is made


Drag Events in JavaScript

ondrag	Triggered when an element is being dragged
ondragend	event occurs when an element stops being dragged
ondragenter	event occurs when an element or text selection is being dragged over a valid drop target (every few hundred milliseconds).
ondragleave	event occurs when an element or text selection leaves a valid drop target.
ondragover	event occurs when an element or text selection is being dragged over a valid drop target (every few hundred milliseconds).
ondragstart	event occurs when an element is being dragged
ondrop	event occurs when an element or text selection is being dropped on a valid drop target.
